Israel empties his vine he brings forth
fruit for himself according to the
multitude of his fruit he has increased
the altars according to the bounty of
his land they have embellished his
sacred pillars their heart is divided
now they are held guilty he will break
down their altars he will ruin their
sacred pillars for now they say we have
no king because we did not fear the Lord
and as for a king what would he do for
us they have spoken words swearing
falsely and making a covenant thus
judgment springs up like hemlock in the
furrows of the field the inhabitants of
Samaria fear because of the calf of Beth
even for its people mourn for it and its
priests shriek for because its glory has
departed from it the idol also shall be
carried to Assyria as a present for King
J rev Ephraim shall receive shame and
Israel shall be ashamed of his own
counsel as for Samaria her King is cut
off like a twig on the water also the
high places of even the sin of Israel
shall be destroyed the thorn and thistle
shall grow on their altars they shall
say to the mountains cover us and to the
hills fall on us O Israel
you have sinned from the days of Gibeah
there they stood the battle in Gibeah
against the children of iniquity did not
overtake them when it is my desire I
will chasten them peoples shall be
gathered against them when I bind them
for their two transgressions Ephraim is
a trained heifer that loves to Thresh
grain but I harnessed her fan
I will make e friend pull a plow Judah
shall plow Jacob shall break his clothes
so for yourselves righteousness reap in
mercy break up your fallow ground for it
is time to seek the Lord till he comes
and reigns righteousness on you you have
plowed wickedness you have reaped
iniquity you have eaten the fruit of
lies because you trusted in your own way
in the multitude of your mighty men
therefore tumult shall arise among your
people and all your fortresses shall be
plundered as Xiamen plundered bethe
arbel in the day of battle a mother
dashed in pieces upon her children thus
it shall be done to you O Bethel because
of your great wickedness at dawn the
king of Israel shall be cut off uh
Turley
you